Add troubleshooting guide for Kyma installation (#4320)
kyma-project/kyma: docs/kyma/14-02-basic-troubleshooting.md

## Console UI password

If you don't set a password for the **admin@kyma.cx** user using the `--password` parameter or you forget the password you set, you can get it from the `admin-user` Secret located in the `kyma-system` Namespace. Run this command:

```
kubectl get secret admin-user -n kyma-system -o jsonpath="{.data.password}" | base64 --decode
```

## Installer doesn't respond as expected

If the Installer does not respond as expected, check the installation status using the `is-installed.sh` script with the `--verbose` flag added. Run:

```
scripts/is-installed.sh --verbose
```

## Installation successful, component not working

If the installation is successful but a component does not behave in an expected way, inspect Helm releases for more details on all of the installed components.

Run this command to list all of the available Helm releases:
```
helm list --tls
```

Run this command to get more detailed information about a given release:
```
helm status {RELEASE_NAME} --tls
```
>**NOTE:** Names of Helm releases correspond to names of Kyma components.

Additionally, see if all deployed Pods are running. Run this command:

```
kubectl get pods --all-namespaces
```

> The command retrieves all Pods from all Namespaces, the status of the Pods, and their instance numbers. Check if the STATUS column shows Running for all Pods. If any of the Pods that you require do not start successfully, perform the installation again.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The command retrieves all Pods from all Namespaces, the status of the Pods, and their instance numbers. Check if the status is 'Running' for all Pods. If any of the Pods that you require do not start successfully, perform the installation again.
```

> ## Can't login to the Console after hibernating Minikube cluster

Reviewer: login or log in?

> If you put your local running cluster into hibernation or use `minikube stop` and `minikube start` the date and time settings of Minikube get out of sync with the system date and time settings. As a result, the access token used to log in cannot be properly validated by Dex and you cannot log in to the console. To fix that, set the date and time used by your machine in Minikube. Run:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you put your local, running cluster into hibernation or use `minikube stop` and `minikube start` the date and time settings of Minikube get out of sync with the system date and time settings. As a result, the access token used to log in cannot be properly validated by Dex and you cannot log in to the console. To fix that, set the date and time used by your machine in Minikube. Run:
```
